(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Let's take a look at one way
to complete the last challenge.
To get started, I'm going to import the blog API definition
into SwaggerHub.
To do that, I just click on Create New,
and then I can go to Import and Document API.
Within the Import API dialogue, we can click on Browse.
And from here, we can navigate into the Exercise Files
to find our API definition.
You'll notice the 03_14_begin file
within the exercise files.
If we click on that,
we can then leave all of the defaults in place on the dialog
and click on Upload File.
The next dialog is going to ask us
to provide a name for this API.
I'm going to name this API h-plus-blog-api.
With that name in place,
I'll go ahead and click on the Import OpenAPI definition,
and that's going to upload our YAML file into SwaggerHub.
Once the API definition file has been imported,
I'm just going to go ahead and resize a few of these windows
so that I can see the YAML better.
Okay, now let's go ahead
and publish the first version of this API definition.
You'll notice this dropdown at the top
that has the version of our API definition.
If we click on that,
there is an option to publish the API.
Let's click on that option,
and it's going to ask us if we would like this API
to be published privately or publicly.
I'm just going to leave it as private,
and then click on Publish Version.
Okay, now that we have published the API,
let's go ahead and make some changes to it
by adding a security scheme.
In order to make any changes,
we'll need to create a new version,
since this API definition has been published.
To do that, once again, we click on the dropdown
associated with the current version,
and then we click on Add New version.
Here, I'm just going to make the new version 1.1.0.
Once I have that version in place,
I can click on Create New Version.
And now we're able to make changes to our API definition.
The changes we're going to make
are going to secure the post operation
on the article endpoint.
In order to do that,
we'll need to build a new security scheme
into the API definition.
We do that within the Component section
of the API definition file.
So underneath the securitySchemes field that we've added,
we just specify the name of our new security scheme,
and then nested within that, we can specify its type,
which in this case is going to be apiKey.
And you want to make sure that you've capitalized it,
as I've specified.
Then we'll provide a name of api-key.
And then finally, we're going to specify the in field,
and this is going to say where we expect
to find the API key in this security scheme.
Okay, so the security scheme is defined.
Now let's go ahead and add it to our post operation.
So underneath the post operation,
I'm just going to add the security field
and here, I can go ahead
and reference our new apiKey security scheme.
Having made these changes,
let's go ahead and save our API definition.
And once it's saved,
we can then publish the new version of the API
by clicking on the Publish button
and then within the dialog, clicking Publish Version.
Okay, if we'd like to take a look at these changes,
we can click on the View Documentation button
in the upper right hand corner.
So you'll notice that our post operation
on the article endpoint is now secure,
and that's indicated by this lock on the right hand side.
If we click on it, it will give us some information
about the security scheme and what is expected
in order to use this endpoint on the API.
Okay, with the API definition secured,
we've completed our work for this challenge.
Great work!